updates based on review (#1258)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/getting-started/setup/upgrade-to-business-edition/README.md

---
# Upgrade to Business Edition

> This page helps you upgrade your Community Edition to the Business Edition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page guides users who are already on the Community Edition to upgrade to the Business Edition. If you want to install Business Edition directly, see [Installation Guides](/getting-started/setup/installation-guides).
```

Author: Reworded for grammar check.

> For instructions on installing the Business Edition from scratch, refer to the [Installation Guides](/getting-started/setup/installation-guides).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The Appsmith Business Edition provides a range of advanced features and capabilities tailored to support the needs of your growing organization:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Appsmith Business Edition includes everything in the Community Edition plus additional and enhanced features such as:
```
